Added team member name to the same paragraph
Seperate section for image and everything else
Added a br tag after every section 


Questions:

1. Are minor modifications to HTML permitted? 
2. In index.html under Solutions, how do I isolate the headings and only bold 
those since those headings in question are within the same <p> tag as the 
contents below? I understand you can use selectors (nth-of-type), but 
it bolds the headings as well as everything below it. Assuming we cant modify
HTML to have them both in two seperate <p> tags, I cant find any way to selectively
bold a few items of the same tag and igore the rest.
3. For pricing, since we have floating images inside floating divs, I am having trouble coming up
with a way to center align those images, what I currently have is attached below. I am thinking of z-index or using
some extra classes both of which are not permitted according to the assignment requirements. Could you point me in the
right direction?
4. In the same vein as 3., since we have an image for every solution other than 'Enterprise', the divider is tad off for the last one.
Again since the images are floating, they dont take up the space the text does and hence the divider is in line. I cant find a way to make the 
text not take up the space it does without either using z-index/extra class? Thoughts?
5. For solutions.html, the navbar is different without any mention of this in the requirements stated above. I cant think of a way to achieve this without modifying the 
html file and giving the sub list a seperate class for styles, since it requires indents as opposed to the other <ul>s for our original non-bulleted non-indented nav list. Is that what I am supposed to do?

Possible modifications for future:

1. I added an extra HR tag for getting the dividers.
2. Added solutions css class for adding extra padding for the images and getting the enterprise text to float.
3. Made a seperate para tag for enterprise text
4. Removed padding for section selector on selector
5. Made seperate paras for headings only for index.html